hello this is Nick with Nick's computer
fix calm and here's a quick video on how
to use the snipping tool within Windows
seven it's free and easy okay let's go
ahead and get started first let me tell
you what the snipping tool is and say
free utility that's built into Windows
seven and it captures a screenshot of
anything that you have on your desktop
or a web page or whatever and it
captures it and saves it as an image on
your hard drive for you okay let's go
ahead and get started by going over to
the Start menu and we'll go ahead and
type on the command line here snipping
s/n IP P ing and you don't even have to
complete it and you'll see snipping tool
up here you click on that and that opens
up the snipping tool on the window here
and by default it's ready for a new
capture in this little window you can
move anywhere on the screen that you
like to have it placed and once you
decide where to leave it you take your
cursor and you left-click and you just
drag around the section that you want to
capture as an image and then it places
it automatically into this snipping tool
window and you can do a few things with
in here which which it with the pen here
and you can also do a highlight and you
can also erase what you just did as well
the main reason for this little window
though that I have found most helpful is
to save it on my hard drive and that's
what we're going to do right now going
to go up here and click on this little
icon and then I'm gonna save it in my
pictures folder you can save it wherever
you like and then I'm going to call it
captured on 11 and you can call it any
name you'd like to have a call and once
you decide go ahead and click on save
and now it's on my hard drive in my
pictures folder now before I close out
the snipping tool then make it easily
accessible at any time when I'm in
windows I can go down to the taskbar
here and right click and actually pin
this program to my taskbar so whenever
windows opens up on my desktop on my
taskbar I have direct access to the
snipping tool whenever I like to have it
open and I need to capture something on
my screen ok that's it for this video
subscribe and like my video